# V0.14.0 (YYYYMMDD)
## Added: 

### #199 - Target Aspect Ratio (Target AR) inputs for easier use of the PAR settings. 
To simplify using non-square aspect ratios, I added a couple of inputs that let the user input the Aspect Ratio they want. Then hit the button CALC PAR and it does the math for Pixel Aspect Ratio for the user. This target aspect ratio is for now not saved in the current job. The PAR is already saved there.

It is also aware of the projection monitor's resolution so the calculations should be correct wether it's 16:9, 3:2, 4:3, 5:4 or whatever.

### #206 - Navigate inputs with keyboard
To speed up navigation with the keyboard. I've added the ability to use up and down arrows to move between input fields up and down. For horizontal movement, we'll still have to use tab and shift-tab because I need to be able to step inside the long string inputs for POS and ROT easily. 

### #205 - Checkbox to show the latest exposed image in preview during execute job
Both as a way to see how things are progressing and to make it more interesting for marketing videos and livestreams. Simple use. When checked. It auto-loads the latest exposure to the preview window during a job execution. When unchecked. It doesn't and we need to use the CAM PROBE function to manually summon the image from the cam mag for preview.

### #185 - Luma Waveform
To make it easier to judge exposures, I'm adding a waveform function to the right of the preview window. 

## Changed:

### #208 - Make Cam Res input into a dropdown menu
To simplify using different resolutions in the camera. I changed the Cam Res input field into a dropdown menu to quickly choose between valid options. 


## Fixed: 
### #200 - In MDS, the Keyframe PG does not apply
Fixed.
### #201 - The Autogenerated workprint doesn't use PAR input when Preview Unsqueeze is ticked
Fixed.
### #202 - Calibration page preview window is needlessly tiny
Fixed. Now matches the main page.